# builtin
## Type Aliases
### `type byte: u8`
Is an alias for u8. It is used, by convention, to distinguish byte values from 8-bit unsigned integer values. 

---

### `type rune: i32`
Is an alias for i32. It is used, by convention, to distinguish character values from integer values.

## Functions
```jule
fn out(v)
```
Prints value to command line.

The built-in print functions provided by many languages ​​have different implementations. These practices cause differences in output. For example, floating-point conversions can be done with different precision.

For string converison, Jule uses the C++ STL-based string conversion algorithm implemented by the API by default for its built-in `out` function. Most of the output is generated by the C++ STL. For types that contain special string conversion functions, such as structures, those functions are called for conversion.

---

```jule
fn outln(v)
```
This function same with the `out` function. One difference, prints new line after print.

A newline is not just a newline. The algorithm implemented by the API uses the C++-provided `std::endl` for the newline. This also means triggering the flush operation for the buffer.

---

```jule
fn panic(message: str)
```
Panics program with given error message.
This panics are not recoverable.

---

```jule
fn assert(expr: bool, ...)
```
Call panic function if expression is evaluated false at runtime. You can also give custom assertion fail log message with second argument. The log message should be constant string.

---

```jule
fn new(T): &T
```
Returns new reference-type for T initialized with default.

---

```jule
fn new(T, expr: T): &T
```
Returns new reference-type for T initialized with expression.

---

```jule
fn make(T, ...V): T
```
Returns new instance of data type for supported types. 
- Slices:\
    Allocates slices dynamically.
    In addition to the slice type, it can take two more arguments. The first argument is mandatory. The first argument specifies the length of the slice. The second argument specifies the capacity of the slice and is optional. The slice is returned with its length, and the field within its length is initialized with the default value.

---

```jule
fn copy(mut dest: Dest, mut src: Src): int
```
Copies elements of source to destination.\
Returns number of copied elements.\
Source can be any data type that supported by destination type. 

Special cases are:
- `copy(dest, src) = length accepts as len(src) if len(dest) > len(src)`
- `copy(dest, src) = length accepts as len(dest) if len(src) > len(dest)`

Slice destination:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In slice destinations, source should be compatible type slice.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If destination slice is `[]byte`, source might be `str` also.

---

```jule
fn append(mut dest: []T, mut items: ...T): []T
```
If there is enough capacity, it adds to the target slice. If there is not enough capacity, it creates a copy of the target slice with enough capacity and adds the new elements and returns the new allocation. For `[]byte` types, variadic strings are allowed, such as: `append(bytes, "foo"...)`

---

```jule
fn len(T): int
```
Return length of T.

For slices:\
Returns length of slice, aka count of slice elements. If slice is nil, returns zero.

For strings:\
Returns length of string, aka count of string's bytes.

For arrays:\
Returns length of array, also means total capacity of array.

For maps:\
Returns count of key-value pairs of map. If map is nil, returns zero.

---

```jule
fn cap(T): int
```
Returns capacity of T.

For slices:\
Returns capacity of slice, aka possible maximum count of slice elements without expanding buffer.

For strings:\
Returns capacity of string, aka possible maximum count of bytes without expanding buffer.

---

```jule
fn delete(mut Map, ...)
```
Deletes key from map. It takes two argument. The first one is map, second one is the key. If just given one argument, this one is a map, and clears all keys of map.